

CapStone Requirements Checklist -

1. COMPLETE - Upload to Github At least 5 unique commits

2. Include a README file explaining your project.
Describe your project in a paragraph or more.
Identify 3+ features from the provided list that you've integrated.
Add any special instructions for the reviewer to run your project.

3. COMPLETE - Design your project to be visually appealing; follow industry trends.
Aim to create projects that employers find attractive and engaging.
Explore other websites for inspiration. Emulate styles and functionalities you find compelling.  
Select a color palette and font stack to enhance design consistency.

4. COMPLETE - Develop at least one class (excluding the default class in a new project),
create an object of that class, populate it with data from a database, and incorporate the data in 
your application. A minimum of 1 table (entity) should be utilized. Note that classes should be
created even when using object relational mappers like Entity Framework. 

5. COMPLETE - Create and utilize a minimum of 3 functions or methods, with at least one 
returning a value integral to your application. 

Features List

1. COMPLETE - Create 3 or more unit tests for your application

2. NA - Implement a regular expression (regex) to ensure a field either a phone number or an email address is always stored and displayed in the same format

3. COMEPLETE - Create a dictionary or list, populate it with several values, retrieve at least one value, and use it in your program

4. Implement a log that records errors, invalid inputs, or other important events and writes them to a text file

5. COMPLETE - Add comments to your code explaining how you are using at least 2 of the solid principles

6. COMPLETE - Make a generic class and use it

7. NA - Make your application an API

8. NA - Make your application a CRUD API

9. COMPLETE - Make your application asynchronous

10. Have 2 or more tables (entities) in your application that are related and have a function return data from both entities.  In entity framework, this is equivalent to a join

11. Query your database using a raw SQL query, not EF


